then the Philistines gathered together
then the Philistines gathered together all their armies at a Fink and the
all their armies at a Fink and the
all their armies at a Fink and the Israelites encamped by a fountain which
Israelites encamped by a fountain which
Israelites encamped by a fountain which is in Jezreel and the Lords of the
is in Jezreel and the Lords of the
is in Jezreel and the Lords of the Philistines passed in review by hundreds
Philistines passed in review by hundreds
Philistines passed in review by hundreds and by thousands but David and his men
and by thousands but David and his men
and by thousands but David and his men passed in review at the rear with a
passed in review at the rear with a
passed in review at the rear with a Koosh then the princes of the Philistine
Koosh then the princes of the Philistine
Koosh then the princes of the Philistine said what are these Hebrews doing here
said what are these Hebrews doing here
said what are these Hebrews doing here and a Koosh said to the princes of the
and a Koosh said to the princes of the
and a Koosh said to the princes of the Philistines is this not David the
Philistines is this not David the
Philistines is this not David the servant of Saul king of Israel who has
servant of Saul king of Israel who has
servant of Saul king of Israel who has been with me these days or these years
been with me these days or these years
been with me these days or these years and to this day I have found no fault in
and to this day I have found no fault in
and to this day I have found no fault in him since he defected to me but the
him since he defected to me but the
him since he defected to me but the princes of the Philistines were angry
princes of the Philistines were angry
princes of the Philistines were angry with him
with him
with him so the princes of the Philistines said
so the princes of the Philistines said
so the princes of the Philistines said to him make this fellow return that he
to him make this fellow return that he
to him make this fellow return that he may go back to the place which you have
may go back to the place which you have
may go back to the place which you have appointed for him and do not let him go
appointed for him and do not let him go
appointed for him and do not let him go down with us to battle lest in the
down with us to battle lest in the
down with us to battle lest in the battle he become our adversary but with
battle he become our adversary but with
battle he become our adversary but with what could he reconcile himself to his
what could he reconcile himself to his
what could he reconcile himself to his master if not with the heads of these
master if not with the heads of these
master if not with the heads of these men is this not David of whom they sang
men is this not David of whom they sang
men is this not David of whom they sang to one another in dances saying Saul has
to one another in dances saying Saul has
to one another in dances saying Saul has slain his thousands and David his ten
slain his thousands and David his ten
slain his thousands and David his ten thousands then a Koosh called David and
thousands then a Koosh called David and
thousands then a Koosh called David and said to him surely as the Lord lives you
said to him surely as the Lord lives you
said to him surely as the Lord lives you have been upright and you're going out
have been upright and you're going out
have been upright and you're going out and you're coming in with me and the
and you're coming in with me and the
and you're coming in with me and the army is good in my sight for to this day
army is good in my sight for to this day
army is good in my sight for to this day I have not found evil in you since the
I have not found evil in you since the
I have not found evil in you since the day of your coming to me nevertheless
day of your coming to me nevertheless
day of your coming to me nevertheless the Lord's do not favor you therefore
the Lord's do not favor you therefore
the Lord's do not favor you therefore return now and go in peace that you may
return now and go in peace that you may
return now and go in peace that you may not displease the Lords of the
not displease the Lords of the
not displease the Lords of the Philistines but what have I done
Philistines but what have I done
Philistines but what have I done and to this day what have you found in
and to this day what have you found in
and to this day what have you found in your servant as long as I have been with
your servant as long as I have been with
your servant as long as I have been with you that I may not go and fight against
you that I may not go and fight against
you that I may not go and fight against the enemies of my lord the king I know
the enemies of my lord the king I know
the enemies of my lord the king I know that you are as good in my sight as
that you are as good in my sight as
that you are as good in my sight as angel of God nevertheless the princes of
angel of God nevertheless the princes of
angel of God nevertheless the princes of the Philistines have said he shall not
the Philistines have said he shall not
the Philistines have said he shall not go up with us to the battle now
go up with us to the battle now
go up with us to the battle now therefore rise early in the morning with
therefore rise early in the morning with
therefore rise early in the morning with your masters servants who have come with
your masters servants who have come with
your masters servants who have come with you and as soon as you are up early in
you and as soon as you are up early in
you and as soon as you are up early in the morning and have light depart so
the morning and have light depart so
the morning and have light depart so David and his man rose early to depart
David and his man rose early to depart
David and his man rose early to depart in the morning to return to the land of
in the morning to return to the land of
in the morning to return to the land of the Philistines and the Philistines went
the Philistines and the Philistines went
the Philistines and the Philistines went up to Jezreel